DBZ-2147 Image for Debezium Server (#176)
debezium/docker-images: server/1.2/README.md

# What is Debezium?

Debezium is a distributed platform that turns your existing databases into event streams, so applications can quickly react to each row-level change in the databases.

# What is Debezium Server?

Debezium can be deployed either as connector instances in [Kafka Connect](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#connect) cluster as a standalone application - Debezium Server.
Debezium [Server](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/operations/debezium-server.html) is a [Quarkus-based](https://quarkus.io/) high-performance application that streams data from database to a one of supported sinks or a user developed sink.

> Debezium Server supports multiple transformations to provide different output message formats.

Reviewer: transformations=converters?

# How to use this image

The image requires as a dependency source and sink systems to read data from and write output messages to.

> The application itself can be configured either via environment variables or via `appliaction.properties` via injected into the container via a volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application itself can be configured either via environment variables or via `appliaction.properties` injected into the container via a volume.
```

> Starting an instance of Debezium Server via image is simple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting an instance of Debezium Server using this container image is simple:
```

>     $ docker run -it --name debezium -p 8080:8080 -v $PWD/conf:/debezium/conf -v $PWD/data:/debezium/data debezium/server

Reviewer: Is `debezium/server/` the command? Can this be baked into entrypoint or similar?

Author: @gunnarmorling This is image name

Reviewer: LOL, of course. Thanks, feeling embarrased now :)
